Conspiracy 1: A powerful and secretive group, known as the New World Order, are planning to eventually rule the world through an autonomous world government, which would replace sovereign governments. 
Conspiracy 2: COVID-19 was produced under laboratory conditions by the Chinese government. 
Conspiracy 3: The US government had foreknowledge about the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, but allowed the attack to take place so as to be able to enter the Second World War. 
Conspiracy 4: US agencies intentionally created the AIDS epidemic and administered it to Black and gay men in the 1970s. 
Conspiracy 5: The assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., was the result of an organised conspiracy by US government agencies such as the CIA and FBI. 
Conspiracy 6: The Apollo moon landings never happened and were staged in a Hollywood film studio. 
Conspiracy 7: Area 51 in Nevada, US, is a secretive military base that contains hidden alien spacecraft and/or alien bodies. 
Conspiracy 8: The US government allowed the 9/11 attacks to take place so that it would have an excuse to achieve foreign (e.g., wars in Afghanistan and Iraq) and domestic (e.g., attacks on civil liberties) goals that had been determined prior to the attacks. 
Conspiracy 9: The assassination of John F. Kennedy was not committed by the lone gunman, Lee Harvey Oswald, but was rather a detailed, organised conspiracy to kill the President. 
Conspiracy 10: In July 1947, the US military recovered the wreckage of an alien craft from Roswell, New Mexico, and covered up the fact. 
Conspiracy 11: Princess Diana’s death was not an accident, but rather an organised assassination by members of the British royal family who disliked her. 
Conspiracy 12: The Oklahoma City bombers, Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols, did not act alone, but rather received assistance from neo-Nazi groups. 
Conspiracy 13: The Coca Cola company intentionally changed to an inferior formula with the intent of driving up demand for their classic product, later reintroducing it for their financial gain. 
Conspiracy 14: Special interest groups are suppressing, or have suppressed in the past, technologies that could provide energy at reduced cost or reduced pollution output. 
Conspiracy 15: Government agencies in the UK are involved in the distribution of illegal drugs to ethnic minorities. 